README.md, before:

# Description

**PdfMate** is a small tool that provides several utilities to deal with PDF files. For the time being, its main function is to add the missing *TOC* (Table Of Content) into the PDF files and only command line interface is provided.

# Installation

Although **PdfMate** is written in Java, I only support Linux and Mac platform officially. The installer can be downloaded [here](https://github.com/dongli/PdfMate/raw/master/products/installer/pdfmate.installer). After downloading, invoke
```
$ chmod a+x pdfmate.installer
$ ./pdfmate.installer
```
and relogin. You should be able call **PdfMate** as
```
$ pdfmate help
```
**Note**: Try to use **TAB** key to autocomplete the typing in BASH.

# Usage

## Insert TOC

When reading a PDF with long length, it is diffcult to navigate without a **TOC** that links to each part of the content. **PdfMate** solves this problem by providing two operators `extract-pages` and `insert-toc`. The first one can be used to extract the texts on the table of contents pages as
```
$ pdfmate extract-pages <path to PDF>
[Notice]: pdfmate: Input the page range or list:
> 1-3
```
It will ask for the page ranges and print out the extracted text onto screen. The output (in standard error output)  can also be redirected to a file for later editing as
```
$ pdfmate extract-pages <path to PDF> 2> <path to outputted toc text file>
```
By now, you got a text file that contains the contents table and also some other stuffs, so you need manually edit it to the following list of TOC entries:
```
# <hierarchy level> <title> <page number>
1.1 Some Title Words 45
...
```
Any line starting with `#` will be commented. Each line will be an entry in the final TOC with the first two items as the title and the last one as the page number that this entry links to.

Then invoke operator `insert-toc` as
```
$ pdfmate insert-toc <path to PDF> --toc <path to outputted toc text file>
```
A new PDF will be generated with TOC alongside with the original PDF.

**TODO**: Currently, you need to edit the toc text file manually for all the type of PDFs. In future, **PdfMate** should be smart enough to do the dirty job when it is possible for you!

# Author
- Li Dong <dongli@lasg.iap.ac.cn>

Commit message:

Delete incomplete download files
In some cases, there may be network errors while downloading updated
files, PdfMate will delete the incomplete files next time you invoke
update operator.

In addition, for specifying TOC file encoding, PdfMate will print out
available encodings when the input one is invalid.

README.md, after:

# Description

**PdfMate** is a small tool that provides several utilities to deal with PDF files. For the time being, its main function is to add the missing *TOC* (Table Of Content) into the PDF files and only command line interface is provided.

# Installation

Although **PdfMate** is written in Java, I only support Linux and Mac platform officially. The installer can be downloaded [here](https://github.com/dongli/PdfMate/raw/master/products/installer/pdfmate.installer). After downloading, invoke
```
$ chmod a+x pdfmate.installer
$ ./pdfmate.installer
```
and relogin. You should be able call **PdfMate** as
```
$ pdfmate help
```
**Note**: Try to use **TAB** key to autocomplete the typing in BASH.

# Usage

## Update

When there is some improvements, you can update your downloaded **PdfMate** by running:
```
$ pdfmate update
```

## Insert TOC

When reading a PDF with long length, it is diffcult to navigate without a **TOC** that links to each part of the content. **PdfMate** solves this problem by providing two operators `extract-pages` and `insert-toc`. The first one can be used to extract the texts on the table of contents pages as
```
$ pdfmate extract-pages <path to PDF>
[Notice]: pdfmate: Input the page range or list:
> 1-3
```
It will ask for the page ranges and print out the extracted text onto screen. The output (in standard error output)  can also be redirected to a file for later editing as
```
$ pdfmate extract-pages <path to PDF> 2> <path to outputted toc text file>
```
By now, you got a text file that contains the contents table and also some other stuffs, so you need manually edit it to the following list of TOC entries:
```
# <hierarchy level> <title> <page number>
1.1 Some Title Words 45
...
```
Any line starting with `#` will be commented. Each line will be an entry in the final TOC with the first two items as the title and the last one as the page number that this entry links to.

Then invoke operator `insert-toc` as
```
$ pdfmate insert-toc <path to PDF> --toc <path to outputted TOC text file>
```
A new PDF will be generated with TOC alongside with the original PDF.

**Note**: In some occasions, the encoding of TOC text file may not be the default *UTF-8*, you can use option `--encoding <encoding>` to specify one. If you want to know what encodings are available, you can just input any invalid one, and *PdfMate* will print out them for you!

**TODO**: Currently, you need to edit the toc text file manually for all the type of PDFs. In future, **PdfMate** should be smart enough to do the dirty job when it is possible for you!

# Author
- Li Dong <dongli@lasg.iap.ac.cn>
